TVpad Legal Information

1. General Information
1.1 TVpad products (hereinafter referred to as "TVpad") is owned and operated by Create New Technology (Hong Kong) Limited (hereinafter referred to as “CNT"). The use of TVpad by you will be bound by the legal agreement entered in by and between you and CNT, which is included into the legal information.
1.2 TVpad Store is the provider of the Stores that permit you to purchase from TVpad Store licenses to browse, search, download and install relevant software application and other contents (such as videos, pictures, music and games) attached to the software application that TVpad supports for end user use only under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. For TVpad Store Products (defined below), end users may be individuals acting in their own capacities, commercial enterprises or educational institutions. 
1.3 It shall be deemed that you have accepted these terms when (1) you have clicked the approval or acceptance options which are displayed when downloading or installing software application, or (2) have actually used the relevant software application via TVpad Store.
2. Terms of Sale on TVpad and TVpad Store
2.1 Various payment methods will be provided by CNT for you to assist your purchase of TVpad and paid-for software application of third party via TVpad Store. You agree to abide by any relevant service terms or other legal agreements entered in by and between you and CNT or third party. Your use of the designated payment method shall be bound by these terms or agreements. You agree that CNT reserves the right in his discretion to add or delete payment methods without any notice.
2.2 You agree to abide by any and all applicable tax laws, including the declaration and payment of any taxes arising from using TVpad or software application in TVpad Store, and agree to declare and pay all applicable taxes.
2.3 All sales of products are final. Prices for products offered via the TVpad Store may change at any time, and the Store does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering. If a product becomes unavailable following a transaction but prior to download, your sole remedy is a refund. If technical problems prevent or unreasonably delay delivery of your product, your exclusive and sole remedy is either replacement or refund of the price paid, as determined by TVpad Store. 
2.4 Your use of the TVpad Store includes the ability to enter into agreements and/or to make transactions electronically. You acknowledge that your electronic submissions constitute your agreement and intent to be bound by and to pay for such agreements and transactions. Your agreement and intent to be bound by electronic submissions applies to all records relating to all transactions you enter into on this site, including notices of cancellation, policies, contracts, and applications. In order to access and retain your electronic records, you may be required to have certain hardware and software, which are your sole responsibility. TVpad Store is not responsible for typographic errors. 
3.TVpad and TVpad Store 
3.1 You agree to use TVpad for purposes only allowed by any applicable laws and regulations or rules or codes accepted in the jurisdictions. You agree to abide by all applicable export restrictions, including but not limited to any export administration regulations issued by Commerce Department of each country and sanction plan by Office of Foreign Assets Control under Ministry of Finance of each country. The use of TVpad by you shall be deemed that you acknowledge and warrant that, in accordance with export regulations or other applicable regulations of each country, you will not be forbidden to accept export software application or service. You agree to abide by all local laws and regulations relating to the download, installation and /or use of software application.
3.2 You agree not to access (or try to access) TVpad in any ways other than through the interface provided by CNT, unless otherwise specifically permitted by the separate agreement between you and CNT. You shall agree not to access (or try to access) TVpad in any automatic ways (including script, crawlers or similar techniques), and ensure to comply with instructions specified in any documents on the TVpad.
3.3 TVpad Store is available for individuals aged 13 years or older. If you are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review this agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand it. 
3.4 As a registered user of the TVpad Store, you may establish an account ("Account"). Don’t reveal your Account information to anyone else. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Account and for all activities that occur on or through your Account, and you agree to immediately notify TVpad Store of any security breach of your Account. TVpad Store shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your Account. You agree to provide accurate and complete information when you register with, and as you use, the TVpad Store ("Registration Data"), and you agree to update your Registration Data to keep it accurate and complete. You agree that TVpad Store may store and use the Registration Data you provide for use in maintaining and billing fees to your Account. 
3.5 TVpad Store is selling you a license to use the Products. There are two (2) categories of TVpad Store Products, as follows: (i) those TVpad Store Products that have been developed by TVpad, and which are licensed to you by TVpad Store (“TVpad Products"); and (ii) those TVpad Store Products that have been developed, and are licensed to you, by a third-party developer (“Third-Party Products"). The category of a particular TVpad Store Product (TVpad Product or Third-Party Product) is identified on TVpad Store application. Once purchased from TVpad Store, that license forms a binding agreement directly between you and the publisher of that Product (the “Publisher") governing your use of that Product.
3.6 You agree that the Stores and certain Products include security technology that limits your use of Products and that, whether or not Products are limited by security technology, you shall use Products in compliance with the applicable usage rules established by TVpad Store and the Publishers (“Usage Rules"), and that any other use of the Products may constitute a copyright infringement. Any security technology is an inseparable part of the Products. TVpad Store reserves the right to modify the Usage Rules at any time. You agree not to violate, circumvent, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise tamper with any of the security technology related to such Usage Rules for any reason - or to attempt or assist another person to do so. Usage Rules may be controlled and monitored by TVpad Store for compliance purposes, and TVpad Store reserves the right to enforce the Usage Rules without notice to you. 
3.7 Certain content, Products, and services available via the Stores may include materials from third parties. TVpad Store may provide links to third-party websites as a convenience to you. You agree that TVpad Store is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and TVpad Store does not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. You agree that you will not use any third-party materials in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party and that TVpad Store is not in any way responsible for any such use by you. 
3.8 CNT reserves (but not compulsory) the right to preview, examine, report, filter, modify, refuse or delete any or all software applications in the TVpad Store, and you shall agree to be liable for any risks brought by TVpad when encountering any aggressive, improper or offensive software application. 
3.9 You agree that the Stores, including but not limited to Products, graphics, user interface, audio clips, editorial content, and the scripts and software used to implement the Stores, contain proprietary information and material that is owned by TVpad Store and/or the Publishers, and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright. You agree that you will not use such proprietary information or materials in any way whatsoever except for use of the Stores in compliance with this Agreement. No portion of the Stores may be reproduced in any form or by any means, except as expressly permitted in these terms.
3.10 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, TVpad Store and the Publishers reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Products, content, or other materials comprising a part of the Stores at any time without notice. In no event will TVpad Store be liable for making these changes. TVpad Store may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or portions of the Stores, in any case and without notice or liability. 
4. Update
4.1 CNT will from time to time communicate with CNT server to check the existence of update program of TVpad, such as the error correction and patching program, enhancement, missing plug-ins and new version (collectively referred to as “Update Program"). The installation of these update programs shall be deemed that you agree to automatically request or accept the update program of the kind.
5. Export Restriction
5.1 The software application provided by TVpad Store may be faced with export restriction or control by some countries/regions or areas. You agree to abide by all applicable international export laws and regulations and that of each country. These laws shall include the restrictions to the termination, end-user and end use.
6. Compensation
6.1 You agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, you shall responsible for any claim, legal action, lawsuit and lawsuit process, and all loss, claim request, damage, expense and cost (including reasonable attorney fees) arising from your use of TVpad (including downloading, installing or using any software application) or violation of these provisions.
7. Termination
7.1 These terms and regulations will remain in full force and valid unless you or CNT terminates these terms and regulations in accordance with following provisions.
7.2 You can stop using TVpad and any software application downloaded from TVpad Store if want to terminate these provisions.
7.3 In the event (A) you violates any regulations specified in these provisions; or (B) CNT is required by law to terminate theses provisions; or (C) CNT decides not to provide TVpad any more, CNT shall has the right to terminate these terms any time.
7.4 If you fail, or TVpad Store suspects that you have failed, to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement, TVpad Store, at its sole discretion, without notice to you may: (i) terminate this Agreement and/or your Account, and you will remain liable for all amounts due under your Account up to and including the date of termination; and/or (ii) terminate the license to the software; and/or (iii) preclude access to the Stores (or any part thereof). TVpad Store reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Stores (or any part or content thereof) at any time with or without notice to you, and TVpad Store will not be liable to you or to any third party should it exercise such rights. 
7.5 The termination of these terms will be without prejudice to any legal right and obligation and responsibility arising from these terms (all legal rights, obligations and responsibilities that will be cumulative with time when these terms take effect), or to such legal right, obligation and responsibility as be explicitly specified to be indefinite effective.
8. Disclaimer 
8.1 You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, you shall be liable for all risks arising from the use of any software application from TVpad and download or acquired by TVpad Store; and TVpad Store is provided on the basis of “status in quo" and “availability" and no any warranty in any form will be provided.
8.2 You shall be solely and fully liable for all responsibilities and risks arising from the use of any software application from TVpad and download or acquired by TVpad Store; you shall bear all responsibilities in respect to the damage to your computer system, mobile device or other devices or data loss arising from such uses.
8.3 CNT further states that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, CNT shall not, in respect to any software application download or acquired by TVpad Store and TVpad itself, provide any expressed or implied warranty and conditions in any form, including but not limited to implied warranty and condition of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of others’ rights.
9. Limitation of Liability
9.1 You expressly understand and agree that neither CNT nor its affiliated companies shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages (including loss of any data) arising out of the use of TVpad or of any software application download or acquired from TVpad Store, regardless of any comments (relating to the contractual and negligence or intentional tort) and whether CNT or its representative have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
10. General
10.1 These terms constitutes the complete legal agreement between the parties with respect to the subject hereof, and regulates the use by you of TVpad, TVpad Store and its software application, and supersedes all prior agreements with respect to TVpad and software application entered in by and between you and CNT.
10.2 You agree that the failure or enforcement of CNT to exercise any of its legal rights or remedies under the agreement (or under any applicable laws) shall not be deemed a waiver of those rights by CNT, and CNT shall be entitled to exercise those rights or remedies.
10.3 If any provision shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, that provision shall be removed from these clauses without prejudice to remaining provisions, and the remaining terms will remain in full force and effect.
10.4 You understand and agree that every member of the CNT should be the third party beneficiary of these terms, and such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce these terms, and advocate relevant rights and interests in accordance with these terms (or rights in their favor). In addition, other individuals or companies should not become a third party beneficiary of these terms.
10.5 Without prior written permission from other party, you or CNT shall not be allowed to transfer or shift rights hereof. Without prior written permission from other party, you or CNT shall not be allowed to assign to others any liability or obligation under these clauses.
